Support pyenv to manage development python version (#28655)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/advanced_installation.rst

     conda activate sklearn-env

> #. **Alternative to conda:** You can use your system's Python provided it is
>    recent enough (3.8 or higher at the time of writing), or use a third-party
>    tool (like pyenv_) to manage your python version. In this case, we recommend
>    to create a dedicated virtualenv_ and install the scikit-learn build
>    dependencies with pip:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. **Alternative to conda:** You can use alternative installations of Python
   provided they are recent enough (3.9 or higher at the time of writing).
   Here is an example on how to create a build environment for a Linux system's
   Python. Build dependencies are installed with `pip` in a dedicated virtualenv_
   to avoid disrupting other Python programs installed on the system:
```

.. _virtualenv: https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html
.. _conda environment: https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html
.. _Miniforge3: https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge#miniforge3

> .. _pyenv: https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
